Updated mTLS support to add details (#102977)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-hub/iot-hub-tls-support.md

After a successful TLS handshake, IoT Hub can authenticate a device using a symmetric key or an X.509 certificate. For certificate-based authentication, this can be any X.509 certificate, including ECC. IoT Hub validates the certificate against the thumbprint or certificate authority (CA) you provide. To learn more, see [Supported X.509 certificates](iot-hub-dev-guide-sas.md#supported-x509-certificates).

> ## Mtual TLS authentication support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mutual TLS authentication support
```

> ## Mutual TLS authentication support

Reviewer: Since you changed the header, you will need to also change the bookmark link in iot-edge-certs.md that the build engine flagged as a warning.

Author: Hi Kelly, I cant find a reference to this link in the IoT Edge docs anymore. Could it have been removed or maybe I'm missing something?

> Mutual TLS authentication ensures the client _authenticates_ the server certificate AND the server _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutual TLS authentication ensures that the client _authenticates_ the server certificate and the server _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete. 
```

> Mutual TLS authentication ensures that the client _authenticates_ the server certificate and the server _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutual TLS authentication ensures that the client _authenticates_ the server certificate and the server _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction.md). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete. 
```

> For AMQP and MQTT protocols the server will request a client certificate in the initial TLS handshake. If one is provided, client certificate is _authenticated_ along with the client _authenticating_ the server certificate (mutual TLS _authentication_). When IoT Hub receives an MQTT connect packet or an AMQP link open, IoT Hub performs _authorization_ for the requesting client and determines if the client requires X.509 _authentication_. If mutual TLS _authentication_ was completed AND the client is _authorized_ to connect as the device, it is allowed. However, if the client requires X.509 _authentication_ and mutual TLS _authentication_ was NOT completed during the initial handshake then IoT Hub will initiate a new TLS handshake requiring client _authentication_. Once the mutual TLS _authentication_ is complete, IoT Hub will perform _authorization_ again with the now _authenticated_ client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For AMQP and MQTT protocols, the server requests a client certificate in the initial TLS handshake. If one is provided, then the server _authenticates_ the client certificate and the client _authenticates_ the server certificate. This process is called mutual TLS authentication. When IoT Hub receives an MQTT connect packet or an AMQP link opens, IoT Hub performs _authorization_ for the requesting client and determines if the client requires X.509 authentication. If mutual TLS authentication was completed and the client is authorized to connect as the device, it is allowed. However, if the client requires X.509 authentication and mutual TLS authentication was not completed during the initial handshake, then IoT Hub initiates a new TLS handshake requiring client authentication. Once the mutual TLS authentication is complete, IoT Hub performs _authorization_ again with the now _authenticated_ client. 
```

Maybe an ordered list would be an easier way to discuss this process?

> For HTTP protocol the server will NOT request a client certificate in the initial TLS handshake. Once the client makes its first request then the server checks if client requires X.509 _authentication_. If so, IoT Hub will initiate a new TLS handshake requiring client _authentication_. Once the mutual TLS _authentication_ is complete, IoT Hub will perform _authorization_ again with the now _authenticated_ client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For HTTP protocol, the server doesn't request a client certificate in the initial TLS handshake. Once the client makes its first request, then the server checks if the client requires X.509 authentication. If so, IoT Hub initiates a new TLS handshake requiring client authentication. Once the mutual TLS authentication is complete, IoT Hub performs _authorization_ with the _authenticated_ client. 
```

## Mutual TLS support

> Mutual TLS authentication ensures that the client _authenticates_ the server (IoT Hub) certificate and the server (IoT Hub) _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mutual TLS authentication ensures that the client _authenticates_ the server (IoT Hub) certificate and the server (IoT Hub) _authenticates_ the [X.509 client certificate or X.509 Thumbprint](tutorial-x509-introduction.md). _Authorization_ is performed by IoT Hub after _authentication_ is complete.
```
